You now have learned how to set up a null and alternative hypothesis.
You have determined type one and type two errors.
And you can calculate which hypothesis you should choose based on error threshold.
You also have learned about some of the dangers of the conclusions
that you might make when having a really large sample size,
or if you were to perform more than one hypothesis tests.
Finally, you learned how confidence intervals and
hypothesis tests are highly related to one another.
The ideas associated with hypothesis tests are central to
A/B testing and making database business decisions.
In the next lesson,
you will take a hands-on approach to applying these ideas.